SNOW-1657459 Improved  dtype results for TIMESTAMP_LTZ type to show correct timezone (#2328)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved `to_pandas` to persist the original timezone offset for TIMESTAMP_TZ type.

> - Improved `dtype` results for TIMESTAMP_TZ type to show correct timezone offset.
> - Improved `dtype` results for TIMESTAMP_LTZ type to show correct timezone.

Reviewer: Nit: we can combine this
```suggestion
- Improved `dtype` results for TIMESTAMP_TZ and TIMESTAMP_LTZ types to show correct timezone offset.
```
